burn spins jump hook high off the glass
no good Jefferson the rebound put it up
short our Zeus ki will drop it in air to
shoot inside the art underneath shot
block Carter's shot stripped away from
Mike Moser takes Aaron Gordon right to
about seven feet jumps over him 64 pass
inside parts escape and he'll slam it
home not a truth that offensive rebound
Jefferson to Gordon down the lane laid
up and good and he is fouled off him
grab iron Gordon AG will lead to break
the other way quickly to nick johnson
drive for the bucket kick it off left
corner Kate York for three yet Arizona
needs gave York to be confident after
taking a hit earlier lob play for Nick
Johnson throw it down from game York
that's a set call that Arizona loves to
run with a point guard on a backdoor lob
when Nick Johnson's the point guard you
can throw it way in the air couple of
bounces to York steps around a pic
drives baseline underneath throw it
corner pits tries another three got that
one that could be a lift off the bench
up back up top York he'll drive inside
threw it up over his head and score it
at work one dribble off to Nick Johnson
bounce it inside there's Jefferson for a
slam dunk one Nick driving right goes
around Austin leenon shot is short
rebound fat grabbed by Tarczewski mr.
bolo tipped again again by Jefferson
tips it in for two seconds left and
there's the horn into the half there's
the double-team he'll kick it out to
McConnell open for three I off the rim
in in don't Gordon it to the elbow pump
fake goes up for the shot rolls it in
and he's foul and they need Aaron hand
it off to McConnell left of the lane
bounce pass back toward Jefferson kiss
it off the glass and score Nick dribble
driving into the lane lean in shot
banked at home and he's fouled big-time
shot from a big-time player in the
fourth crossover drives the lane throws
it out of bounds and it's going by Nick
Johnson I had to Jefferson on the brakes
threaded
defense begets Arizona's up from
Tarczewski bounce underneath Jefferson
lay it up and good that puts it on the
floor three to shoot to the bucket and
lays it in with a sec Nick Johnson tries
to three short rebound Jefferson laid up
reverse side rich good act side
Jefferson turns pumps mob to Tarczewski
lays it in and he fell that's how you do
it you get it to your big fella he has
left side Nick works his way into the
paint out to TJ for three in the lead
it's good kimchi person shooter 16.4
seconds remain first free-throw is up no
good Wow the best free throw shooting
team in the conference a little spooked
here by the zona zoo they're shooting
into so Nick Johnson to shoot a second
free throw trying to give the Wildcats a
four-point lead it is up it is good Gabe
York to inbound it no timeouts York will
throw it in Nick Johnson trying to save
it through it off an Oregon player out
to caliste and he didn't travel through
the ball down artist come fake a
fadeaway three is no good it doesn't
matter I think they don't get in cats
win it you've got it out sometimes
crying when you
Morrigan 65 the Wildcats we talk about
guts and grind oh my goodness